I'll be back later to surprise you
cautious
I bought a tie when I was shopping these two days
I don't know if you will like it.
Like to bring it to me
cautious
Do you like me?
I'm talking about who I am now.
What do you think today
You're my wife.
My fiancee.
How could you not like it?
The rope is a bit long.
Help me break a little
The jade pendant is really quiet here
Is that okay?
This pendant looks expensive.
Just put it under your clothes.
So beautiful
Qingqing, do you think
The girl named Warm in your family
Boy, she looks just like you
No, don't you know who we are?
I'm going to miss the plane.
Go away, I'll wait for you to come back.
The road is deep, waiting for you to come back.
The current period you like will also come back.
And I will do as you wish
Disappear before your eyes